Release 7.0 (#164)
autofac/Documentation: docs/whats-new/upgradingfrom6to7.rst

Upgrading from Autofac 6.x to 7.x
=================================

In the upgrade from Autofac 6.x to 7.x, the amount of breaking change was fairly minimal, and unlikely to impact most users, but there are a couple of distinct changes to make you aware of.

> - We have dropped direct support for the `net5.0` TFM (and we recommend you upgrade to `net7.0`), but you can still use this release on .NET 5.0 via our `netstandard2.1` TFM support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have dropped direct support for the `net5.0` TFM (and we recommend you upgrade to `net6.0` or higher), but you can still use this release on .NET 5.0 via our `netstandard2.1` TFM support.
```

.NET 6 is the LTS right now so it seems safer to recommend "LTS plus".

- The introduction of :doc:`automatic injection for required properties <../register/prop-method-injection>` means that any existing required properties on components will now be automatically injected.

  If a required property *cannot* be resolved during component activation, an exception will now be thrown.

>   Equally, if you previously used ``PropertiesAutowired()`` to populate required properties on components, those properties will now be doubly-resolved, so you may wish to remove ``PropertiesAutowired()`` in favour of the default functionality.

Reviewer: This will need to get updated now that it's not double-populated.
